# The News

A React Native Expo app to stay updated with the latest news, powered by NewsAPI.

## Description

The News app fetches and displays the latest news articles from NewsAPI. This app designed to keep you informed with the latest news updates from around the world. Powered by NewsAPI, this app allows you to browse news articles by category, ensuring you get the information that matters to you. With a sleek user interface and dynamic features like a shimmer effect for loading states and real-time date adjustments, The News provides a seamless news-reading experience. Easy to set up and customize, this app is perfect for anyone looking to stay updated with current events on the go.

## Features

- Latest news updates
- Category-based news browsing
- Dynamic date range for news fetching
- Shimmer effect for loading state

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/anurag-dwivedi-live/News-App.git
    cd News-App
    ```

2. Install dependencies:
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

3. Start the Expo development server:
    ```sh
    npx expo start
    ```
    or
   ```sh
    npm start
    ```

## Usage

1. Make sure you have Expo Go installed on your mobile device.
2. Scan the QR code generated by the Expo development server using the Expo Go app.
3. The app should launch on your device.

## API Key

1. Sign up at [NewsAPI](https://newsapi.org/) and get your API key.
2. Create a `.env` file in the root of your project and add your API key:
    ```sh
    NEWS_API_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY
    ```

## Environment Variables

Make sure to include the following in your `.env` file:


## Customization

You can change the categories and other configurations in the respective files located in the `src` folder.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

# Thanks for reading readme.md file!
